Hey sister
Didn't they bring an open mouth to eat?
Just his broken musical instrument, okay?
It's hard to support yourself
Sooner or later starve to death
What are you doing?
Xiaofan is his own family
He's still your brother-in-law
own family
You don't know him yet, do you?
My brother-in-law is very wild now
Even my sister's career has to get involved
Participate in the Tomorrow Execution Contest
Ruin my sister's plan to return to the diva
It made me lose millions of fans overnight
What depends on Xiaorong to eat and drink for free?
It's okay if you don't help him with less career
And drag him down
Uncle, you don't know
Originally, our Xiao Rong's career could have been further advanced
Become the diva of the top Chinese
It's because of this trash
Let all these plans fall through
Xiaofan, how could you do such a thing?
I didn't do anything.
Don't listen to our advice
It wasn't you who participated in the competition?
Mr. Chen's plan was not disrupted by you
Don't dress here
You're just afraid.
Once our Miss Jiang becomes a top-tier diva
With your status as a trash, the gap is too big
You don't deserve him
Not worthy, isn't it?
For the past five years, you have eaten and drunk my sister's
Even the rent that set sail on the broken moon
My sister paid for it for you.
What do you pretend to be a master of music here all day?
I really consider myself an outsider
I'm kidding people who are decades old
I don't know how to go back and pee
Look in the mirror and see what kind of virtue you have
Is this entertainment industry something you can do if you want?
You are also worthy of my identity
I know nothing.